In order to know how to build the retriable exception mapping
we need to pass into our SimpleRetryPolicy,
we should first do a refresher on the Java and Spring exception
hierarchy to examine which exceptions we care to retry.
We know that whatever exception we specify in our map needs to extend Throwable,
so we'll start there.
Starting at Throwable, we see that it is extended by exception,
which is Extended by RuntimeException.
Then,
Spring extends Java's runtime exception with its NestedRuntimeException class,
which is a class for wrapping runtime exceptions with a root cause.
RestClientException extends NestedRuntimeException,
which is the exception class we actually care about.
This is because it's what RestTemplate, which is what RetryTemplate is wrapping,
uses for exception handling.
Diving into RestClientException,
we see that it's extended by RestClientResponseException
followed by HttpStatusCodeException.
Then,
we get into the HttpStatusCode mapping exceptions where after an
HttpServerErrorException and HttpClientErrorException,
which both implement HttpStatusCodeException.
Those exception classes contain inner classes for HTTP client errors such
as HTTP 400 BadRequest and HTTP 404 NotFound statuses, as well as HTTP server errors such as HTTP 500 InternalServerError.